[TW-1195] Doc APIB deprecation upgrade to V10 (#4888)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/developer/postman-api/intro-api.md

### New v10 API endpoints

> To use the new Postman API endpoints, you must [upgrade your APIs to the v10 format](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/creating-an-api/#upgrading-an-api). You must also pass an `Accept` header with the value `application/vnd.api.v10+json`. (Some of the new endpoints appear the same as the deprecated endpoints, but they use the new v10 behavior when you send this `Accept` header.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the new Postman API endpoints, [upgrade your APIs to the v10 format](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/creating-an-api/#upgrading-an-api). Make sure to also pass an `Accept` header with the value `application/vnd.api.v10+json`. (Some of the new endpoints appear the same as the deprecated endpoints, but they use the new v10 behavior when you send this `Accept` header.)
```

Reviewer: @mark-anthony-postman I'm used to having to avoid modal verbs to reduce word count and maintain a less stern tone.

Author: Yes, I like "make sure to" better. It does sound less stern 😄
